These leaders
Dear
Since coming to the wedding of this hillbilly Zhou Yuesheng
This Zhou Yuesheng won't have a big background, right?
Dad, what can he do?
Just make some money
Happened to be lucky today
Several leaders came down to inspect
I like to join in the fun
That's why I came to him
Zizi is right
We have to remind Niannian quickly
And that stinky pig butcher
Just because they can't see
Offend people
Finally, it's on our heads
That's right
What are you still doing?
Go, go, go, go.
That is Zhou Yue's eldest son
I heard that Zhou Yuesheng's ex-wife
Was framed by this adult
Jailed
When the child eats the cloudy face
Doesn't look like a good boy
He is now serving a bowl of soup
Does he want to miss the big day?
Splash him!
Oh mom
The other two small ones are not good things either.
That little dick is a violent freak
That little third child still can't talk much
Fortunately, Sisi, you didn't get married here.
Mom and Dad let me
Give you soup
Thank you Xiaodong
This is the red envelope your mother gave you.
Right.
Will he be angry if I call him mom?
Sure it will.
I am not as sweet as my brother
Not as cute as my sister
Mom drinks water
Mom is an apple
Thank you babies for coming and taking it
Mom calls me baby
Didn't you say that these children are not easy to get along with?
It doesn't look like it anymore, miss
What's the matter with you?
Mom and Dad are here
You don't say hello